# Software Design/Engineering

The artifact created is the combination of Project One and Project Two that performed reverse engineering of assembly language to C++ and created a .out file to execute the projects from CS 410: Reverse Engineering. The artifact consists of a multitude of files that demonstrate proficiency in reverse engineering criteria of the Software Design and Engineering category. The original artifact was created in April of 2021. This artifact was determined to be later within the program, which shows commitment to enhancing more advanced projects. The enhanced artifact contains the conversion of C++ to C and the Linux .out file to a Windows .exe file. 

The original artifact functionality consisted of reversing a binary file to the C++ language using the Bless Hex Editor. The binary file was translated to assembly, converted to C++, and then converted to a .out file to execute on the Linux operating system. The compiler used when reverse-engineering the original binary files was the GNU compiler, which is suited for Linux systems. The original artifact contains several methods: the main method, a ChangeCustomerChoice method, a CheckUserPermissionAccess method, and a DisplayInfo method. These methods are not reusable and contain object-oriented practices. In addition to reverse engineering, the purpose of this project was to verify the authentication and authorization of a user's account when a user purchases a product online. The functionality of this artifact illustrates the improvements below.


Find the original artifact [here.](https://github.com/GalarianRapidash2345/Enhancement-One/blob/main/OriginalCS410ReverseEngineering.cpp)


Inclusion of the artifact in the ePortfolio justifies factors where reverse engineering includes designing requirements and using software engineering principles to demonstrate interoperability. I decided to select this item due to the ability to demonstrate the design of a product, the proficiency in the C language, the proficiency in converting software products from Linux to Windows, and the proficiency in following a lifecycle. The specific components of the artifact that showcase my skills and abilities in software development include the code segments that will contain memory deallocation and storage security for each method, the methods transferred to a different language, and the .exe file that determines the reverse engineering for a different operating system. In addition, the artifact improved by implementing C coding standards that secured the input validation of each method, changing the original C++ code and .cpp file to C code and a .c file, and compiling the project to a .exe file for the Windows operating system. Thus, the artifact chosen is suited for the ePortfolio due to the improvements made concerning software design and engineering.


The functionality of the enhanced artifact includes using the enhancement objectives. The enhancement objectives consisted of reverse engineering a project for a different operating system and transferring a project into a different language. These enhancements were performed within the existing code segments, where each segment transferred into a different language, and the entire project used reverse-engineering for a different operating system. The enhanced features include refining the methods and creating deallocated code segments for each method using C coding standards. This functionality refines the artifact to be a more optimized software product.


Find the enhanced artifact [here.](https://github.com/GalarianRapidash2345/Enhancement-One/blob/main/NewReverseEngineering.c)


The overall development process consists of my experiences working with the artifact. The process of enhancing and modifying the artifact reflects the detailed experiences of creating the enhancements. I initialized a new Visual Studio project with the original code, made a new C file, and implemented the required code for the course outcomes. I then created a new .exe file within the project that executes the C code. When creating and improving the artifact, I learned to transfer a language, implement coding standards, and reverse engineer a Linux project to the Windows operating system. After, I learned how to transfer C++ to primitive C when transferring languages, and I grew in implementing C coding standards. I then learned how to use reverse engineering for making a .out file into a .exe file. While learning these practices, there were particular challenges I faced. The challenges I faced included executable file compilation and several execution issues that I am working on resolving. I resolved the executable file compilation by not separating .exe files. Through the adversity of enhancing and modifying the artifact, it is conclusive that this artifact could meet the course objectives within the learning of implementing the software design and engineering category.

Reflecting on the enhancement of artifact one, I gained experience in decision-making for stakeholders, working in collaborative environments, and communication. The other experience I gained includes using the software development lifecycle, using well-founded techniques in computing practices, and developing a security mindset. I utilized decision-making for stakeholders by using coding standards and adopting a policy for the artifact. In addition, I worked in a collaborative environment, where I shared and incorporated feedback for the artifact enhancements. I then cleaned my artifact code, implemented comments, and worked on my writing skills for effective communication. For this artifact, I practiced the software development lifecycle through considering deadlines, failing fast, and utilizing the agile methodology. I then used well-founded techniques for my computing practices by implementing style for the C/C++ languages within the artifact. Finally, I developed a security mindset by refining my methods, eliminating the security vulnerabilities, and implementing input validation. These experiences solidified my abilities in software design and engineering.


# References
